Update README.md (#140)
pytorch-labs/ao: README.md

> # torchao: PyTorch Architecture Optimization

Reviewer: first question i always get is what does ao mean so let's answer that somewheere in the first 3 lines

Author: I think this got deleted by mistake, I'll add it back

## Introduction

torchao is a PyTorch native library for optimizing your models using lower precision dtypes, techniques like quantization and sparsity and performant kernels.

The library provides
1. Support for lower precision [dtypes](./torchao/dtypes) such as nf4, uint4 that are torch.compile friendly
2. Quantization [algorithms](./torchao/quantization) such as dynamic quant, smoothquant, GPTQ that run on CPU/GPU and Mobile.
3. Sparsity [algorithms](./torchao/sparsity) such as Wanda that help improve accuracy of sparse networks

> 4. Integration with other PyTorch native libraries like TorchTune and ExecuTorch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Integration with other PyTorch native libraries like torchtune and ExecuTorch
```

## Key Features
* Native PyTorch techniques, composable with torch.compile

> * APIs tested on following hardware - A100, T4(colab) 

Reviewer: this is not really a feature maybe just put somewhere near the bottom - hardware tested on A100 and T4

> * Supports the following eager quantization techniques. 

Reviewer: so which techniques are compile specific and which are eager? If it's the same set then we can set say something like kernels that work with both eager and compile such as: int8 etc..

Author: I think they all work with both. @HDCharles or @jerryzh168 can you confirm?

  * Int8 dynamic activation quantization with Smoothquant
  * Int8 and int4 weight-only quantization.
  * Int8 dynamic activation quantization with int4 weight quantization
  * GPTQ

## Interoperability with PyTorch Libraries

torchao has been integrated with other repositories to ease usage

> * [TorchTune](https://github.com/pytorch/torchtune/blob/main/recipes/quantization.md) is integrated with 8 and 4 bit weight-only quantization techniques with and without GPTQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [torchtune](https://github.com/pytorch/torchtune/blob/main/recipes/quantization.md) is integrated with 8 and 4 bit weight-only quantization techniques with and without GPTQ.
```

pip install -e .
```

## Our Goals
torchao embodies PyTorch’s design philosophy [details](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/community/design.html), especially "usability over everything else". Our vision for this repository is the following:

> * PyTorch Native: Provide PyTorch native solutions for optimization techniques for transformer models, offering composability with torch.compile and distributed 

Reviewer: Reframe as composability
```suggestion
* Composability: Native solutions for optimization techniques that compose with both `torch.compile` and `FSDP`
```

    * For example, for QLoRA for new dtypes support

> * Interoperability: Integration with other major transformer accel libraries in PyTorch enabling smooth user journey and accelerating visibility and adoption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interoperability: Work with the rest of the ecosystem such as torchtune, gpt-fast and ExecuTorch
```

>     * Examples - TorchTune, gpt-fast, ExecuTorch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Examples - torchtune, gpt-fast, ExecuTorch.
```

* Transparent Benchmarks: Regularly run performance benchmarking of our APIs across a suite of Torchbench models and across hardware backends
* Heterogeneous Hardware: Efficient kernels that can run on CPU/GPU based server (w/ torch.compile) and mobile backends (w/ ExecuTorch).

> * Autotuner: Invest in building a kernel auto tuner targeting SOTA performance across varying model shapes. 

Reviewer: i'd move the autotuner to the features section as in it helps varying shapes and also both consumer and enterprise gpus

model = torch.compile(model, mode='max-autotune')
model(input)
```

> ## Success stories

Reviewer: I'd move these up near the top they're more important than features and a lot of people know the fast series already

Our kernels have has been used to achieve SOTA inference performance on

> 1. Image segmentation modelss with [sam-fast](pytorch.org/blog/accelerating-generative-ai)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Image segmentation models with [sam-fast](pytorch.org/blog/accelerating-generative-ai)
```
